This file contains the actual data for your assignment - good luck!


Why should you learn to write programs?

Writing programs (or programming) is a very creative
and rewarding activity.  You can write programs for
many reasons, ranging from making your living to solving
1444 a difficult data analysis problem to having fun to helping
someone else solve a problem.  This book assumes that
everyone needs to know how to program, and that once
you know how to program you will figure out what you want
to 3736 do 6771 with 8724 your newfound skills.

We are surrounded in our daily lives with computers ranging
from laptops to cell phones.  We can think of these computers
as our personal assistants who can take care of many things
on our behalf.  The hardware in our current-day computers
is essentially built to continuously ask us the question,
What would you like me to do next?

Programmers add an operating system and a set of applications
to the hardware and we end up with a Personal Digital
Assistant that is quite helpful and capable of helping
9447 us do many different things. 5765
606  4780
Our computers are fast and have vast amounts of memory and
could be very helpful to us if we only knew the language to
speak to explain to the computer what we would like it to
do next.  If we knew this language, we could tell the
computer to do tasks on our behalf that were repetitive.
Interestingly, 8635 the 45 kinds 1860 of things computers can do best
 are often the kinds of things that we humans find boring
and mind-numbing.

1731 For example, look at the first three paragraphs of this 2765
chapter and tell me the most commonly used word and how
many times the word is used.  While you were able to read
and understand the words in a few seconds, counting them
is almost painful because it is not the kind of problem
that human minds are designed to solve.  For a computer
the opposite is true, reading and understanding text
from a piece of paper is hard for a computer to do
but counting the words and telling you how many times
the most used word was used is very easy for the
computer:

Our personal information analysis assistant quickly
told us that the word to was used sixteen times in the
first three paragraphs of this chapter.
